("TAKE A BOW" BY RIHANNA)
♪ OH, HOW 'BOUT A
ROUND OF APPLAUSE ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ STANDIN' OVATION ♪
♪ OOH OH OH, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ YOU LOOK SO DUMB RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ STANDIN' OUTSIDE MY HOUSE ♪
♪ TRYIN' TO APOLOGIZE ♪
♪ YOU'RE SO UGLY WHEN YOU CRY ♪
♪ PLEASE ♪
♪ JUST CUT IT OUT ♪
♪ AND DON'T TELL ME YOU'RE
SORRY 'CAUSE YOU'RE NOT ♪
♪ AND BABY WHEN I KNOW YOU'RE
ONLY SORRY YOU GOT CAUGHT ♪
♪ BUT YOU PUT ON
QUITE A SHOW, OOH OH ♪
♪ REALLY HAD ME GOIN' ♪
♪ BUT NOW IT'S TIME
TO GO, OOH OH ♪
♪ CURTAIN'S FINALLY CLOSIN' ♪
♪ THAT WAS QUITE
A SHOW, OOH OH ♪
♪ VERY ENTERTAINING ♪
♪ BUT IT'S OVER NOW,
BUT IT'S OVER NOW ♪
♪ GO ON AND TAKE A
BOW, OH OH OH-OH-OH ♪
♪ GRAB YOUR CLOTHES AND
GET GONE, GET GONE ♪
♪ YOU BETTER HURRY UP ♪
♪ BEFORE THE SPRINKLERS
COME ON, COME ON ♪
♪ TALKIN' 'BOUT "GIRL, I
LOVE YOU, YOU'RE THE ONE" ♪
♪ THIS JUST LOOKS
LIKE A RE-RUN ♪
♪ PLEASE ♪
♪ WHAT ELSE IS ON, OH OH ♪
♪ AND DON'T TELL ME YOU'RE
SORRY 'CAUSE YOU'RE NOT ♪
♪ BABY WHEN I KNOW YOU'RE
ONLY SORRY YOU GOT CAUGHT ♪
♪ AH AH AH ♪
♪ BUT YOU PUT ON
QUITE A SHOW, OOH OH ♪
♪ REALLY HAD ME GOIN' ♪
♪ BUT NOW IT'S TIME
TO GO, OOH OH ♪
♪ CURTAIN'S FINALLY CLOSIN' ♪
♪ THAT WAS QUITE
A SHOW, OOH OH ♪
♪ VERY ENTERTAINING ♪
♪ BUT IT'S OVER NOW,
BUT IT'S OVER NOW ♪
♪ GO ON AND TAKE A BOW ♪
♪ OH OH OH, AND THE AWARD FOR ♪
♪ THE BEST LIAR ♪
♪ GOES TO YOU, GOES TO YOU ♪
♪ FOR MAKIN' ME BELIEVE ♪
♪ THAT YOU COULD BE ♪
♪ FAITHFUL TO ME ♪
♪ LET'S HEAR YOUR SPEECH OUT ♪
♪ HOW 'BOUT A
ROUND OF APPLAUSE ♪
♪ A STANDIN' OVATION, OVATION ♪
♪ BUT YOU PUT ON
QUITE A SHOW, OOH OH ♪
♪ YOU REALLY HAD ME GOIN' ♪
♪ NOW IT'S TIME TO GO, OOH OH ♪
♪ CURTAIN'S FINALLY CLOSIN' ♪
♪ THAT WAS QUITE
A SHOW, OOH OH ♪
♪ VERY ENTERTAINING, HEY YEAH ♪
♪ BUT IT'S OVER NOW,
BUT IT'S OVER NOW ♪
♪ GO ON AND TAKE A BOW ♪
♪ BUT IT'S OVER NOW ♪
♪♪♪